10

:20

ἑο

[38‘]

402

calcauimus epan’chesamen
calcauerunb epatesan
calcate epatesate

calcasti epateses

r calcaui epatesa

calcatumesb pepatemenon estin
00113110 13113011

consui erapsa

consuis raptis

consuit erapsen

cumsuo rapto

011111311οᾓ rapti

cumsutum reramenon
eumsuisti erapses

3 cerne siniason

cerno siniazo

cernis siniazis

cernite siniasate

conserua syntereson
conseruo syntero

conseruate synteresate
conseruas’ci synetereses
conseruaui syneteresa
conseruauimus syneteresamen

ι’, curre drame

curro trecho

curris trechis

currit trechi

currimus trechomen
currite dramete
cucurristi edrames
cucurri edi-ama ·
cucurrimus edramomen
cucurrerunt edraman

35 cursor dromeus

cursores dromis
cursus dromos
cursum dromon
calcia hypodese

40 calciome hypodeome

calciaui hypodesa

GLOSSARIVM LEIDENSE

calciasti hypedeso Ι
calciauime hypedesame
calciatussum hypodedeme
calciatisunt hypodeden’ce
caleiaueruntse hypedesanto
calciati sumus hypedethemen
ealciauimusnos hypedesomestha
calciamenta hypodematha
calciate hypodesate

clodos 0110103

clodicat cholaeni

caca 0110300

cacat chyzi

cacauib eeh'esen ⁸
caeasti 00110303

caco chezo

cacaui echesa

cacamus chezomen

cacant chezusin
cacauerun'c echesan
concacasti cetecheses
eoneaeauit catechesen
concacius enchesten
conputa psefison

00111111ὲο ps'efizo

conputo. psefizo

conputas psefizis

conputat psefizi
computasti epsefises
computaui epsefisa
computate psefisate
computamus psefizomen
computauimus epsefisamen
computos psefos

cauculos psefas

cauculat psefizi

cauculabor psefistes

crepat psofi 2

crepuit epsofesen
oumstudio metaffloponias
caelum uranos

45

bO

55

60

65

70

75

80

